README.md, before:

# RD Critical CSS
ExpressionEngine 3 and 4 plugin for inlining critical css files and providing polyfill support for rel=preload

## How to Use

Invoke the `{exp:rd_critical_css}` tag with an optional `google-fonts` parameters to load your Google Fonts, a `critical` parameter that points to your critical css file, and a `styles` parameter that points to your preloaded stylesheets i.e.

```
{exp:rd_critical_css google-fonts='https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans' critical='/path/to/critical.css' styles='/path/to/stylesheet1.css|/path/to/stylesheet2.css'}
```

If the stylesheets have not already been loaded, RD Critical CSS will inject the contents of your critical css file (removing any sourceMap info) and Google Fonts file into the `<head>` so that above-the-fold content will be styled without blocking the rendering of the page.

Immediately following this `<link>` element, it will inject a `<link>` element for each file specified in the 'google-fonts' and 'styles' parameters using `rel=preload`. Following these, it embeds a `<script>` tag with compressed loadCSS and cssrelpreload scripts (currently v1.2.0) to load stylesheets asynchronously (see https://github.com/filamentgroup/loadCSS).

If the stylesheets have already been loaded and cached, it will instead inject normal `<link>` elements using the normal `rel=stylesheet` parameter/value pair.

Commit message:

Generalize external font parameter, update loadCSS and preload polyfill, update readme

README.md, after:

# RD Critical CSS

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/ExpressionEngine-3%2B-1883E9.svg)

ExpressionEngine 3 and 4 plugin for inlining critical css files and providing polyfill support for rel=preload

## How to Use

Invoke the `{exp:rd_critical_css}` tag with a `critical` parameter that points to your critical css file, and a `styles` parameter that points to your preloaded stylesheets (separate multiple with a pipe '|' character) i.e.

```
{exp:rd_critical_css critical='/path/to/critical.css' styles='/path/to/stylesheet1.css|/path/to/stylesheet2.css'}
```

Optionally add an `external-fonts` parameter to additionally preload Google Fonts, TypeKit, etc i.e.

```
{exp:rd_critical_css external-fonts='https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans' critical='/path/to/critical.css' styles='/path/to/stylesheet1.css|/path/to/stylesheet2.css'}
```

If the stylesheets have not already been loaded, RD Critical CSS will inject the contents of your critical css file (removing any sourceMap info) and external font files into the `<head>` so that above-the-fold content will be styled without blocking the rendering of the page.

Immediately following this `<style>` element, it will inject a `<link>` element for each file specified in the 'external-fonts' and 'styles' parameters using `rel=preload`. Following these, it embeds a `<script>` tag with compressed loadCSS and cssrelpreload scripts (currently v1.3.1) to load stylesheets asynchronously (see https://github.com/filamentgroup/loadCSS).

If the stylesheets have already been loaded and cached, it will instead inject normal `<link>` elements using the normal `rel=stylesheet` parameter/value pair.
